Chapter 3
============================================================

High Heaven Pavilion disciples fought amongst each other and many died every year, but when Zhou Ding Jun looked at his Brother, who bravely charged forward without flinching, he couldn't help but feel slightly alarmed.

If he were in Yang Kai's shoes, Zhou Ding Jun wouldn't be able to do such a thing. Perhaps he would have already admitted defeat.

'Where there is life, there is hope.' This was the way of life. Not turning back until you hit the South Wall, this was a kind of persistence!

Seeing Yang Kai's sorry figure, but the fighting spirit in his eyes was growing stronger and stronger, Zhou Ding Jun knew that if he didn't knock him out, today's matter wouldn't be over.

Thinking of this, Zhou Ding Jun waved his hand and chopped down on Yang Kai's neck. Yang Kai's fierce momentum suddenly dissipated, his eyes lost focus, and his body softly fell to the ground.

Seeing this scene, a person standing on the top of a large tree took out a small booklet and flipped it open to read: Trial Disciple Yang Kai VS Ordinary Disciple Zhou Ding Jun, Zhou Ding Jun.

The person standing on the top of the tree had a graceful figure, obviously a woman, but her face was covered by a black veil, making it impossible to see her face. However, her delicate eyebrows showed that she wasn't very old, and the fallen leaf armband she wore on her arm showed her identity: High Heaven Pavilion's Dark Hall Disciple!

High Heaven Pavilion's Dark Hall was a special organization under the jurisdiction of the Sect's Third Elder. The Dark Hall Disciples were responsible for recording all matters in the Sect, including the results of duels between disciples.

Therefore, if one wanted to challenge someone in High Heaven Pavilion, they didn't need to worry about not being able to earn contribution points. The Dark Hall Disciples hidden in the shadows would record their results and summarize them every month.

After the Dark Hall woman finished recording the results of this battle, she took out an even smaller booklet from her waist and opened it to take a look. On it was written: Ji He 14, May 7th, Kai Yang's 147th battle, Defeat!

Excluding this new line of words, the booklet densely recorded the results of all of Yang Kai's battles. All of them were recorded at the same time, and the results could only be summed up in one word: defeat!

Losing a hundred and forty-seven matches in a row without a single victory, this could be said to be the one and only High Heaven Pavilion's record since its inception. This record was enough to shock the heavens and make the gods weep. It was unprecedented, and the creator of this record was currently lying quietly on the ground, not knowing whether he was dead or alive.

Yang Kai had never challenged anyone before. These 147 matches were all challenges from others. In other words, he was challenged once every five days. This had been going on for more than two years.

Looking down at Yang Kai, Xia Ning Chang frowned. She didn't understand why Yang Kai would persist to this extent. He had already been demoted to High Heaven Pavilion's Trial Disciple and even his own survival was a problem, so why was he still staying in High Heaven Pavilion? If he left this place, his life would definitely be much better. What kind of stubbornness did this frail youth have in his heart? This allowed him to lose 147 matches in a row without being discouraged.

Perhaps, this was the stupidity of men? Noticing Yang Kai was also a coincidence. As a Dark Hall Disciple, Xia Ning Chang was assigned to monitor this area of the territory. Every time Yang Kai was challenged, every time he was knocked unconscious, she had seen it all. Once or twice was nothing, but after so many times, Xia Ning Chang began to pay attention to this youth who was only at Body Tempering Third Stage.

She really wanted to know, with his perseverance, how long would he persist before leaving High Heaven Pavilion. This kind of aptitude, this kind of cultivation speed, was simply not suitable to stay in this world of Jianghu. The world of ordinary people was his home.

Below, the crowd had already dispersed, leaving only Yang Kai lying unconscious on the ground. People came and went, and time passed.

Xia Ning Chang's figure flickered and disappeared from the treetops.

When Yang Kai woke up again, it was already late in the morning. From head to toe, there was no part of his body that didn't hurt. Staggering to get up, Yang Kai looked around and found that he was no longer in the place where he had fainted, but rather under the shade of a nearby tree.

This was really strange. Could it be that one of his Brothers was so kind as to carry him here? This was something that had never happened before. Yang Kai frowned and scratched his head. He vaguely remembered a hazy figure swaying in front of his eyes. But this memory was too vague, no matter how he thought about it, he couldn't remember clearly.

But between where he was standing and where he had fainted, there was a very clear drag mark, and this mark was clearly caused by someone dragging a person along the ground.

When he felt his back again, he immediately felt a burning pain coming from it.

Yang Kai was stunned for a moment, and then immediately became angry! The trace of goodwill he had for this benefactor who had done a good deed but didn't leave his name disappeared in an instant. This person must have directly dragged him from there. Otherwise, how could the skin on his back be scraped and bruised?

It would have been better to just leave him there and not care! Yang Kai thought in his heart.

While feeling depressed, Yang Kai suddenly found that his right hand seemed to be holding something. Puzzled, he looked down and saw a small porcelain bottle in his hand.

What was this? This porcelain bottle was definitely not his. Yang Kai didn't have anything on him, besides a set of clothes and a broom, where would he get this?

The small porcelain bottle had a label on it, and on the label there were words. Yang Kai looked at it and muttered, "Blood Coagulation Cream!"

Blood Coagulation Cream, Yang Kai knew what it was.

This was the cream that High Heaven Pavilion used to treat external injuries. Although it wasn't a peerless medicine, it had a significant effect on external injuries. Generally, every disciple would carry a bottle with them at all times in case of an accident. And such a bottle of cream was not cheap in High Heaven Pavilion's logistics department.

10 Sect Contribution Points for a bottle!

How many Sect Contribution Points could Yang Kai get in a month of sweeping? It was a trivial 10 Sect Contribution Points. In other words, the value of this bottle of cream was equivalent to Yang Kai sweeping for a month!

Who was it? At this moment, Yang Kai couldn't help but feel a fierce surge of emotion in his heart, and the pain in his back suddenly lessened by a lot. He had been in High Heaven Pavilion for three years, and in these three years, Yang Kai had become accustomed to the fickleness of the Sect's disciples. But today, someone had actually left a bottle of Blood Coagulation Cream for him after he was injured. This kind of action deeply touched Yang Kai.

It turned out that not all of the Sect's disciples were heartless people.

Perhaps, such a bottle of cream for external injuries was nothing to that person, but for Yang Kai, it was what he needed the most right now.

There was a saying that a drop of water would be unforgettable, and in the future, he would repay it with a gushing spring!

Yang Kai was moved as he tried to recall that figure, but it became more and more blurry. On the contrary, a faint fragrance lingered at the tip of his nose, not dissipating for a long time.

"This medicine is actually fragrant?" Yang Kai suddenly opened his eyes.

Calming his mood, he straightened his clothes and carefully put away the bottle of Blood Coagulation Cream. Yang Kai picked up the broom in his hand and continued his sweeping work.

Sweeping inside and out, he busied himself until noon, when he finally finished his work for the day. Dragging his tired and hungry body, Yang Kai returned to his room.

The injuries from the morning fight had not yet been dealt with, so although Yang Kai was hungry, he could only endure and treat his injuries first.

Taking off his blue clothes, Yang Kai brought a basin of water to wash his body. If someone were to see the state of Yang Kai's body, they would definitely be shocked.

Yang Kai's body was very weak and thin. His ribs were clearly visible, and his whole body didn't seem to have much meat. But on this malnourished body, there were bruises everywhere, scars everywhere, and almost no part of his body was intact.

Every five days, he would be challenged, and every time, he would be defeated. Every time, he would be knocked unconscious. His old injuries had not yet healed, but new ones were added. If it was anyone else, they probably wouldn't be able to endure this kind of pain, but Yang Kai endured it. Not only did he endure it, but he also cultivated and swept the floor every day, not at all affected by these injuries.