Chapter 1
============================================================

At the crack of dawn, Yang Kai woke up. After washing his face and rinsing his mouth, he took a broom from the corner of the room and walked out of the room.

He stood at the door and stretched his body. He glanced at the white dawn on the horizon and closed his eyes to enjoy a moment of peace. Then, he opened his eyes and waved the broom in his hand, burying himself in cleaning the dust and fallen leaves on the ground.

He was dressed in a green robe that was simple and clean. The plain white robe made the young man look a few years older. Yang Kai's back was as straight as a javelin. Even though he was doing the lowest level of work, his expression was meticulous. His movements were calm and steady. He didn't use much strength to hold the broom, and his body didn't even move much. Just by the movement of his wrist, the broom was like an extension of his arm. As he moved, the dust and debris on the ground magically moved as if they had grown two legs.

Yang Kai was a Trial Disciple of High Heaven Pavilion. Three years ago, he entered the Sect and began to cultivate. Until now, he had only reached the tempered body third stage. His fellow apprentices who had entered the sect at the same time as him had long since surpassed this stage. Each of them had their own opportunities and were able to achieve meteoric success under the tutelage of those who had entered the sect.

Three years of Tempered Body Third Stage. This kind of talent could no longer be described as ordinary. It could even be described as mediocre.

Without any other choice, Yang Kai could only accept a job as a floor sweeper in the Sect. While maintaining his livelihood, he bitterly cultivated.

High Heaven Pavilion was a rather special Sect. This was reflected in the cruelty of the competition between the disciples. In this Sect, those with ability would be promoted while those without ability would be eliminated. The law of the jungle was vividly demonstrated in High Heaven Pavilion.

In other Sects, there may be some friendship between fellow disciples, but in High Heaven Pavilion there was none! If you want to climb up, you have to step on the shoulders of those so-called Brothers and Brothers. Only by stepping over their blood would you be qualified.

High Heaven Pavilion's strict rules were well-known throughout the Great Han Dynasty. Although it wasn't considered a super large Sect, the cruelty of the competition between the disciples was second to none! It was also because of this that the disciples were all intrepid, and few people dared to provoke them when they traveled the Jianghu.

High Heaven Pavilion had a rule. Disciples under the age of fourteen, no matter who they were, from the time they entered the sect, they would have to spend three years as a trial period. During these three years, food, lodging, and transportation were all taken care of by the sect. The disciples only had to focus on cultivation. If one could break through to the Tempered Body Stage within three years, one would be qualified to become a disciple of one of the Sect's experts. Of course, one could choose not to become a disciple of one of the Sect's experts and cultivate on their own. However, on the path of cultivation, there was a huge difference between the guidance of a good teacher and the exploration of one's own path. To some extent, High Heaven Pavilion's rules were somewhat liberal.

As for those who did not break through the Body Tempering Stage within three years, they would either leave the sect or be demoted to a trial disciple.

That was Yang Kai's current identity as a trial disciple! It was also the disgrace of High Heaven Pavilion!

Unlike ordinary disciples, trial disciples had a much harsher living environment. After reaching this step, they had to take care of their own food, clothing, housing, and transportation. The sect would not waste any more cultivation resources on them. Once they were demoted to a trial disciple, they would never be able to see the light of day again. Unless their strength greatly increased in a short period of time, the sect felt that they had the capital to invest in them.

In the entire High Heaven Pavilion, there were three thousand disciples, but how many trial disciples were there? Not more than ten! Yang Kai was fortunate enough to be one of them!

For trial disciples to survive in High Heaven Pavilion was as difficult as ascending to the heavens. For example, Yang Kai currently lived in a small hut. It was built by himself, piece by piece. There were several holes in the small roof, but he did not have time to fix them. When it rained, the inside of the hut would be flooded with water. His clothes were bought by himself, the food he ate was his own, and he was responsible for everything.

Even the location of his hut was in the most remote part of High Heaven Pavilion that no one cared about.

Such terrible treatment, most people would not be able to bear it. This was also the reason why there were so few trial disciples in High Heaven Pavilion. Basically, after the trial period, those who did not break through to the Tempered Body Stage would choose to leave High Heaven Pavilion. However, Yang Kai had chosen to stay.

He had already been swept out of the door once, so how could he do the same again?

A few months ago, after being demoted to a trial disciple, Yang Kai took on a job as a floor sweeper to maintain his livelihood.

It could be said that Yang Kai was now both a trial disciple of High Heaven Pavilion and a floor sweeper of High Heaven Pavilion. However, this floor sweeper job was sometimes unable to maintain Yang Kai's food and clothing. From time to time, he would be hungry and full, and no one would care about his cold. His days were bleak and miserable. Even so, Yang Kai did not want to give up. In life, he had chosen this path, so he would continue to walk it. Giving up halfway was not a man's conduct.

Yang Kai had a tenacity, a tenacity that would not turn back until he hit the southern wall!

As the sky gradually brightened, Yang Kai swept the floor for a while. Wherever he passed, it was clean and dusty.

Although sweeping the floor didn't take much effort, after moving so early in the morning without eating or drinking, Yang Kai's whole body was covered in sweat. This had nothing to do with his strength, it was entirely because his physique was too poor.

Out of three meals, two of them would be hungry. No matter who lived in Yang Kai's environment, their physique would not be good.

Gradually, some of the High Heaven Pavilion's disciples gathered around him. These disciples had all gotten up early in the morning, but instead of cultivating, they gathered around Yang Kai. Many of them were looking at Yang Kai with great interest, and some of them even had greedy eyes. It was as if Yang Kai was a naked beauty, a fragrant piece of cake.

Among these High Heaven Pavilion disciples who had gathered around Yang Kai, there was also a tense competitive atmosphere spreading. They vigilantly looked at their Brothers and Sisters, each of them with an unkind expression.

Some people in the crowd couldn't bear it and whispered, "So many people, it's a bit too much."

Someone immediately replied, "If you think there's a lot of people, you can leave, no one wants you to stay."

This one sentence made that person speechless. Everyone knew why they were gathered here and why they were staring at Yang Kai. Now, they were all waiting for that moment to arrive. The time limit was almost up, so wouldn't it be a pity to leave now? If they could take the lead, then today's harvest would be another big gain.

Yang Kai was naturally aware of the movements around him, but his expression never changed. He had to experience this kind of situation once every five days, six times a month, so there really wasn't anything to be surprised about. Moreover, the number of people in front of him was slightly less, probably because not all of them had arrived.

Therefore, he continued to sweep the floor, not caring about the people around him, sweeping as he walked.

As time passed, more and more people gathered around Yang Kai, roughly estimating that there were at least 30-40 people.

Yang Kai suddenly stopped and sat in the middle of the road. He slowly breathed in, recovering the physical strength he had exhausted early in the morning.

Seeing this, the people gathered around Yang Kai immediately spread out, surrounding him in the middle. The tense competitive atmosphere suddenly rose to a new level, as if even the air was no longer flowing.

No one was pleasing to the eye, but they all looked at Yang Kai with incomparable expectation.

If someone who didn't know the truth saw this scene, they would probably think that the person in the middle of the crowd was a peerless expert. Otherwise, why would so many people be dispatched to deal with him? But in reality, Yang Kai was only a Trial Disciple at the third layer of the Body Tempering Realm. Everyone present was stronger than Yang Kai.

"Kai Yang, don't waste your time. Just obediently wait for us to beat you up, wouldn't that save everyone a lot of time?" Some people saw Kai Yang's expression and immediately said disdainfully.

Why would a trifling third layer of the Body Tempering Realm need to recover? Since he was going to lose anyway, he might as well be straightforward. Why struggle at death's door?

"That's right, that's right. Yang Kai, you should at least empathize with the feelings of your fellow Brothers. We're not like you. After this fight, we still have to go cultivate."

These words made it seem as if Yang Kai should be quickly defeated by them. It made it seem as if Yang Kai recovering his physical strength was disrespectful to them.

Yang Kai turned a deaf ear to these words, like an old monk in meditation.

Time continued to pass. Suddenly, a melodious sound of a bell rang out. It was the morning bell of High Heaven Pavilion. The sound of the bell entered everyone's ears, and the disciples surrounding Yang Kai were shocked.

The bell rang nine times, and the sun rose from the east. It was a new day!

Everyone's breathing suddenly calmed down, and they anxiously looked at Yang Kai who was surrounded in the middle. Yang Kai slowly got up, raised the broom in his hand, and faintly swept his eyes over the people around him.

"Pick me, Brother Yang!" Someone loudly shouted, "I'll be very gentle, I guarantee you won't feel any pain!"

"Bullshit! Pick me, and I'll give you a quick death. I'll end it with one punch, and I definitely won't waste anyone's time. "

"Pick me …"

"Pick me …"

The scene was very noisy. It was like a market where vendors were promoting the vegetables in their fields and competing to see who was the freshest.

"Yang Kai, don't break the rules you set!" Someone reminded him.

Yang Kai chuckled, and casually threw the broom in his hand into the air. Dozens of pairs of eyes looked up, full of expectation, waiting for the broom to fall to the ground. In their hearts, they kept praying: "Pick me, pick me!"

Time seemed to slow down. The broom spun a few times in the air, and immediately fell to the ground, where it stopped moving.

The tip of the broom pointed towards a tall and sturdy youth in the crowd.

A sigh of regret sounded, full of resentment and unwillingness. On the contrary, the tall and sturdy youth laughed and walked out of the crowd, clasping his hands and smiling at the crowd, "Brothers, I've won today's battle, I hope you won't blame me."

"Fuck, dog shit luck!" Some people were jealous.

"Why can't you pick me? I come here once every five days, and I've been here for a whole month. Yang Kai, you did it on purpose, didn't you?"

"Don't mention it, I've been here for three months, and I haven't been picked even once!"

"Brother, you're worse than me."

"Not bad, not bad, just watch the show." The two Brothers looked at each other and smiled knowingly.

In the field, the others had already dispersed, leaving only Yang Kai and the tall and sturdy youth looking at each other.

"Trial Disciple Yang Kai, Body Tempering Stage Three!" Yang Kai looked at the tall and sturdy youth.

"Ordinary Disciple Zhou Ding Jun, Body Tempering Stage Five!" The tall and sturdy youth introduced himself.

High Heaven Pavilion's disciples were also divided into different levels. From bottom to top, they were Trial Disciples, Ordinary Disciples, Head Disciples, Elite Disciples, and Core Disciples. Zhou Ding Jun said he was an Ordinary Disciple, which meant that he had not yet been accepted into the Sect and had not yet received guidance from a good teacher. If he broke through the Body Tempering Stage and was accepted into the Sect, he would be considered a Head Disciple. The Elite Disciples of the next level were all outstanding and were selected from the disciples under the Sect Leader.

As for the Core Disciples, they were the hope of High Heaven Pavilion's next generation. The Sect treated these people as future successors.

The awe-inspiring disciple ranking system seemed unreasonable, but it was very good at stimulating the competitive spirit of the young people. This was also the foundation of High Heaven Pavilion's cruel system.

The fundamental reason why Yang Kai was being fought over by so many people was because of another rule of High Heaven Pavilion, the challenge rule.