Chapter 5
============================================================

The meaning of these thirty-two words was very easy to understand, so Yang Kai naturally understood.

However, the origin of the black book was unclear, which made Yang Kai somewhat afraid. What if this was a trap? Thinking of this, Yang Kai couldn't help but laugh. He was now just a Trial Disciple of High Heaven Pavilion, who would waste time to deal with him?

However, from the literal meaning of the last few lines, the reason why the Black Stone Pillow transformed into the black book was most likely related to his dream today.

He had slept on it for more than a year without any change, but today it had turned into a black book, which was inseparable from the change in his mood in his dream.

It was because of his own change that the Black Stone Pillow transformed.

Since he was the one who facilitated the birth of the black book, then this black book was born because of him! He was the master of this black book!

Thinking of this, Yang Kai no longer hesitated. The words on the black book clearly required him to drip his blood as a guide. Holding the idea of giving it a try, Yang Kai put his hand into his mouth and fiercely bit down, then stretched his finger towards the first page of the black book.

The blood dripped down. At first there was no change, but as time passed, the black book began to emit a layer of black light. Yang Kai's body was not good, and today he was injured first, so after tossing and turning, he began to feel a little dizzy.

However, Yang Kai clenched his teeth and endured. His blood continued to flow, but the light on the page grew stronger and stronger.

After a full cup of tea worth of time, Yang Kai almost fainted on the ground, the page began to change substantially. The black light began to wriggle and shrink, and in the middle of the page, a small vortex appeared.

Immediately after, a golden light appeared in the vortex. Yang Kai struggled to keep his mind clear as he stared at the movement in front of him.

In the middle of the black vortex, a shiny, round, golden thing gradually rose up.

Yang Kai was shocked. There really was something on this page. Although when he decided to drip his blood, Yang Kai had some expectations, he didn't think it would really succeed.

But now, everything in front of him showed that the thirty-two words on the page were not fake.

Dripping blood as a guide, the golden body descends!

What kind of golden body is it? Yang Kai's pale face was full of expectation.

After a while, when the shiny and round thing completely appeared in front of Yang Kai, Yang Kai couldn't help but swallow a mouthful of saliva. No matter how rich his imagination was, he never thought that the Golden Body would look like this.

This was a golden skeleton that was only about half a foot tall, and the first thing to shine was the skull of this skeleton. The golden skeleton floated above the pages of the black book and sat cross-legged. It was clear that it was meditating. Each of its bones exuded a golden light, illuminating Yang Kai's hut in a dazzling light.

The black vortex on the page gradually disappeared, and everything returned to normal.

Yang Kai didn't know what to do when he saw the bizarre appearance of the golden skeleton. The book only mentioned how to make the Golden Body descend, but it did not mention what to do with it after it had descended.

Looking at it, Yang Kai suddenly felt that something was wrong. The golden skeleton in front of him clearly had no eyes, but Yang Kai felt that it seemed to be sizing him up. It also clearly had no mouth, but it seemed to be mocking him for being weak.

Realizing this, Yang Kai was furious and tried to grab the golden skeleton.

Just a little skeleton, how dare it be so arrogant!

Who would have thought that as soon as he made a move, the golden skeleton flew over and directly passed through Yang Kai's hand and imprinted on Yang Kai's chest.

This was a very shocking scene. A skeleton hit Yang Kai's body, and then the golden light shone brightly. The golden skeleton directly turned into little fluorescent lights and penetrated into Yang Kai's body through his pores.

In an instant, pain spread all over his body. This kind of pain was not ordinary pain, but pain that came from the depths of his bones! Yang Kai screamed and fell to the ground, his body bent like a shrimp and spasmed.

All the bones in his body seemed to have been shattered in an instant. Yang Kai didn't even have the strength to move a finger. This was not an illusion. If Yang Kai could look inside his body, he would see that his bones were really shattered. Next to each broken bone, there was a layer of golden light that constantly repaired the broken bones. However, the speed of repair was far slower than the speed of destruction. As soon as the repair was completed, they were shattered again.

Human bones were wrapped in bone marrow, and in bone marrow were nerves. Any small touch could cause great damage. It was easy to imagine how much suffering Yang Kai was suffering at this moment.

It wasn't that a single bone in his body was broken, but that there was not a single bone in his body that was intact.

If it was someone else, even if their strength was thousands of times higher than Yang Kai's, they would probably have fainted at this moment. However, Yang Kai did not. The severe pain made his mind clearer, and the price for this was that the pain he felt was magnified thousands of times.

Tragic screams came from the hut. Not far away, the High Heaven Pavilion disciples who were walking were frightened and hurriedly fled.

In the dark, Yang Kai seemed to have received a message, a message from the Golden Body: Destroy Yang Kai's consciousness and occupy this body!

How could Yang Kai agree? Even if he couldn't move, he tried to maintain a clear consciousness, not allowing the Golden Body to occupy his body. The Golden Body was also not afraid. Over and over again, it crushed Yang Kai's bones, tormenting his nerves, and making him faint.

One had the Unyielding Golden Body, the other had the Unyielding Soul. Who won and who lost, would not be clear until the final moment.

Yang Kai knew that this time, it was a real matter of life and death. It was not like the challenge with his Brothers in the Sect. If he couldn't survive, then there would be no Yang Kai in this world. Therefore, he had to survive, even if it was painful, he had to endure.

Yang Kai's consciousness and the destructive power of the Golden Body began a difficult tug-of-war between the two, and the battlefield was Yang Kai's body. They went back and forth, neither side retreating, neither side was willing to give in.

As time passed, Yang Kai was surprised to find that the unbearable pain was slowly alleviating, and he couldn't help but feel refreshed.

It was no wonder. After the Golden Body crushed Yang Kai's bones, it repaired them again and again. In the process of breaking and then rebuilding, Yang Kai's body had the factor of the Golden Body. Yang Kai's bones were getting stronger and stronger, while the energy of the Golden Body was getting lower and lower. Under this situation, the pain was naturally alleviated a lot. Once the Golden Body was completely integrated into Yang Kai's body, the battle would be over.

The scales of victory were gradually tilting toward Yang Kai. The unbearable pain slowly turned into tolerable, then turned into itchiness, and finally turned into comfort. This feeling was like being enlightened, making hundreds of millions of pores all over his body open involuntarily.

Perceiving that the Golden Body in his body still had a trace of resistance, Yang Kai cursed and crushed it in his consciousness.

His body finally calmed down.

There seemed to be a sigh in his ears. This sigh was full of relief and a trace of relief.