Chapter 4
============================================================

After washing his body, Kai Yang picked up the bottle of Blood Coagulation Cream. Placing it under his nose, he gently sniffed it. Discovering that this medicine was indeed fragrant, he couldn't help but feel refreshed, shaking his head.

Opening the bottle cap, Yang Kai took out some of the ointment from the bottle and was about to apply it to his wound when he suddenly paused and hurriedly went to fetch a bowl of water. Placing the ointment on his finger into the water, he carefully stirred it before using the diluted liquid medicine to treat his wound.

Although the Blood Clotting Cream had a good effect on external injuries, after being diluted, its function would be greatly reduced. But Yang Kai only had one bottle of cream, so he naturally had to use it sparingly.

After the bowl of medicine was consumed, Yang Kai finally finished treating his wound. But what made him somewhat puzzled was that the smell of the Blood Clotting Cream was somewhat different from before. Not only was it not fragrant, it was somewhat spicy.

Putting on his clothes, Yang Kai picked up a piece of black baked sweet potato from the stove and gulped it down. Then he fell into bed and fell into a deep sleep.

There were a few holes in the roof, and the light that shone in brightly lit the room. The furnishings in the room were extremely simple. There was only one bed, and there wasn't even a table or a chair. Even the bed only had a deerskin bedding the size of a table and a square black stone pillow. This was all Yang Kai had.

The deerskin quilt was made from a deer that Yang Kai had hunted. Although it was not thick, it was just enough to keep out the cold. The black stone pillow was picked up by Yang Kai when he left High Heaven Pavilion and went hunting in the Black Wind Mountain Range.

This black stone was square, one foot long, and three fingers thick. It looked like a stone, but it didn't feel like a stone, nor did it have the weight of a stone. Yang Kai didn't know what it was, but in any case, it was perfect for a pillow, so he didn't dwell on it.

Yang Kai had been using this black stone pillow for more than a year. He didn't know if it was an illusion or not, but it always made him feel good to sleep.

In his sleep, Yang Kai dreamed of today's battle. Time and time again he was sent flying by Junior Brother Zhou Ding Jun, but time and time again he stood up. His heart was filled with unyielding perseverance, and his chest was filled with blood.

As the dream continued, the blood in his chest became more and more violent. In his sleep, Yang Kai's face was filled with pain, but his expression was firm. His heart was filled with perseverance. Even if his feet were treading a mountain of blades and his body was burning in a sea of fire, he would not be afraid.

In his sleep, Yang Kai didn't notice that the black stone pillow under his head was emitting a deep light. With the ups and downs of Yang Kai's mood, this light became brighter and brighter.

In his dream, Yang Kai continued with his early morning encounter. He was repeatedly knocked to the ground by Zhou Ding Jun, but when he stood up for the thousandth time, the unyielding perseverance in his heart suddenly broke out. He rushed forward and ruthlessly knocked Zhou Ding Jun down. The moment Zhou Ding Jun fell to the ground, his appearance blurred and turned into his own appearance.

At this moment, Yang Kai's mood calmed down. It wasn't because he had defeated his opponent in his dream, but because he had defeated himself. He had defeated his heart's cowardice and submission.

A faint feeling arose spontaneously, as if there was nothing in the world that could make him submit.

In reality, the black stone pillow under Yang Kai's head suddenly erupted with a black light. This black light spun and emerged from the black stone. It swayed a few times in the air, and then drilled into Yang Kai's head through the Baihui acupoint and disappeared in an instant.

At the same time, a desolate and ancient barbaric aura descended. It was like the tide of the sea, the power of the avalanche. In front of this aura, anyone would be so insignificant.

Yang Kai suddenly opened his eyes. His whole body was dripping with sweat, and there was a lingering fear in his heart.

He was awakened by that aura.

After calming down, Yang Kai gave a hollow laugh. It was a bit ridiculous that he could scare himself in a dream. He rubbed his face and judged the time through the light on the roof. He was a bit annoyed. He had slept for two hours, and it was almost evening.

He hurriedly got up and lifted the deerskin quilt, carefully folded it, and then adjusted the position of the black stone pillow. Just as he was about to get out of bed, Yang Kai frowned and turned his head to look at the black stone pillow in a daze.

It felt like … the texture was different.

Puzzled, Yang Kai reached out and picked up the black stone pillow. He weighed it in his hand and found that it was indeed different. This thing was much lighter.

Strange, how could a stone suddenly become lighter? Yang Kai casually tossed it up and down. This toss suddenly threw out a problem.

It was like a thick book was thrown in the air, and the pages of the book fell apart. Yang Kai was stunned and forgot to reach out to catch it.

With a bang, the black stone pillow fell to the ground. Yang Kai still couldn't believe it. He was surprised to find that the black stone pillow was actually spread out on the ground like a book.

Wasn't this a stone? How did it suddenly become a book?

Yang Kai had been using the black stone pillow for more than a year. Yang Kai was very clear about what it looked like. Before, he didn't find out that it was a book. How come today the old turtle took off its shell and turned into a snake?

After a long time, Yang Kai bent down and picked up the black book. The moment he touched it, Yang Kai's heart gave birth to a feeling of compatibility.

After carefully looking through it, Yang Kai had to admit that this black stone pillow was really a book. Thick book cover, thick book pages. But what made people speechless was that this black book didn't have a single word recorded. It was empty. Moreover, the texture of this book page made Yang Kai unable to see through it. He gently tore it with his hand, but unexpectedly he couldn't tear it.

This was really interesting. He had been using it for more than a year, but only today did he know its true appearance.

But what was the use of such a wordless black book? Yang Kai turned around to look, but found nothing.

Unknowingly, Kai Yang flipped to the first page. Unable to believe this, he angrily stared at the empty page.

After a moment of effort, Yang Kai was surprised to find that the page in front of him had changed a little. While he was concentrating, the wild aura that had just descended in his sleep appeared again. A line of large golden characters gradually appeared in front of Yang Kai's eyes.

"With the blood as the guide, the golden body descends. Divine power fails, the golden body is indestructible!"

This aura rushed straight to his heart, Yang Kai suddenly closed the black book. His hands and feet couldn't help but tremble. He took a few deep breaths, calming down a little.

What kind of secret was hidden in this black book, Yang Kai didn't know. Yang Kai only knew that this thing that he picked up in the Black Wind Mountain Range was likely to have a great origin.

After a long silence, Yang Kai once again opened the black book. This time, he saw the lines of large golden characters on the first page.

So … it wasn't a dream.

Gradually, several other lines of characters slowly appeared.

"Unyielding golden body, the overlord's bar, the unyielding soul, can descend!"

Eight lines and thirty-two words took up an entire page. It gave people a feeling of supremacy, as if those words were filled with a dense and domineering aura.